hi I'm kinda still Epicurious calm and
you're watching around the world and
eighty dishes today I'm with my friend
chef Julie Chang from the Culinary
Institute of America and we are
exploring the cuisine of Japan tuna Maki
now chef Chang I really love sushi I
could eat it I have to say I could
actually eat it every day I never get
tired of it
is it something that's hard to make not
hard not easy
oh how do I say anyone can make a suey
it's a fun to make a sushi you can make
a cookie dough and make a sushi really
yeah but you need to know I understand
now what's a sushi first you need to
know what kind of rice you choose yeah
you never use a non green rice okay so
over short or medium short-grain rice
how do you know it's shorter choose the
right writes short grain rice
okay sure and then you can cook a rice
on a pasta on the stove or we cooking a
rice cooker right and you cook a rice
cooker you can put on a top of stove
cooking 25 minutes and after cook it you
need a season there I could assemble ice
in my rice cooker yep which is very
similar almost automatically and you put
a rice in there you cook it then the
rice stung you take it a rice out still
warm
okay so it needs to be still warm still
then you're gonna season that before
they coat before they cool I say how do
you see how do you say that good
question your Oscar you're asking a
question here very nice so you have a
rice vinegar in there then you put a
sugar in there and what do you have at
the bottom of the right this is good
question that's a sweet stuff in there
was enough it's a sea vegetables Oh
kombu as people say seaweed don't cause
see this is not sea beach tipsy
vegetable but that's right but if you're
going to the store what do you look for
in the package just say say say good
yeah yes
okaycome or kelp or kelp okay anything
then you put a result so basically this
vinegar mixture is a sweet and sour
okay mix very well say my vinegar there
they rise cool down and the vinegar
mixture to stay on the surface and the
rice observe advice will be shining that
so thank you either right still want so
they observed that that seasoning and
then they will be shiny there and you
are will cool down a little more before
you make a sushi oh god we have a ones
rice the chorus so can see if oh yes you
wanna cook but you don't wanna to code
you